[Music]
you ever notice that it's the little
things in life like waking up with the
sunrise sharing a laugh of the friend or
finding that unexpected atomic fireball
hard candy in your desk that fill your
life with joy and happiness yeah me too
these small things can also help put you
back on track if something goes wrong if
you want to take charge of your life I
have just the right tips for you so
let's roll number one keep your keys in
one place have you ever been late to
work just because you spent five minutes
running around your apartment trying to
find your keys I know I have luckily
cases like this are easy to prevent so
just get a key rack and hang it up
inside the front door the most important
part here remember to use it right away
when you get home number two get ready
for morning the night before now it may
sound a bit counterintuitive but the
best thing you can do to upgrade your
morning routine is do some things in the
evening for instance you can always pack
your bag or pick out an outfit for the
next day beforehand
number three visit a doctor how often do
you hold off going to the doctor just
because you hope the problem will go
away on its own if it does it's still
better to be sure so set an appointment
and discuss your concerns with a doc and
even if you're feeling okay now don't
forget to have a check-up at least once
a year number four make your bed it may
not be your favorite thing to do in the
morning
especially when you're living alone in
fact straightening up your bed when
you've just woken up helps you feel
accomplished and boosts your
productivity for the day and it's the
easiest good habit in the world since it
takes just a few minutes
number five put everything back
sometimes it's difficult to find
something you really need just because
you don't remember where you left it it
sounds familiar
yeah make sure every single item or tool
has its own home in your house and put
them where they belong
right after using them number six jot
down your plans imagine how different
things would be if everyone followed
this roll no miss deadlines no forgotten
meetings no dates cancel just because
your boyfriend got the wrong time it
seems like a perfect world huh mm-hmm to
make it real write down every important
arrangement in your phone calendar or
stick to a good old day planner number
seven
always have a plan B now planning can be
very productive and can help you save
time but if you've thought about only
one option even in great detail and
something suddenly goes wrong well check
the stove your goose is cooked
apart from being disappointed in
insecure you'll have no time to come up
with another idea it's always better to
find a fallback in advance even if it
only means bringing an extra pen to a
long lecture number eight cook at home
preparing food by yourself may seem like
extra work but it saves you money and
allows you to control every meal so it
can be healthier too there's also no
harm in making breakfast or lunch in
advance need a reason to finally try out
overnight oats now you got it
number nine clear out your inbox
answering tons of work emails every day
can be exhausting as it is and spam
doesn't help here to check your
correspondence faster find a couple of
hours to unsubscribe from all the junk
mail that piles up in your inbox
especially the letters you haven't read
in months let alone years you can also
delete some old messages if you've
opened them a force
number ten get rid of one thing before
buying another now no one is immune to
impulse buy
especially during sales to make your
shopping less spontaneous and more
reasonable try giving away one thing you
already have before buying something
similar you can also give yourself time
to think about it and if a month later
you still want to purchase this product
feel free to do it number 11 get a
notebook for ideas you know how the most
incredible thoughts come to mind when
you're doing something else entirely
that's why it's crucial to carry a
notebook with you at all times you don't
know when you'll need to add a new task
to your to-do list or write down a
brilliant idea for a movie that you
suddenly came up with it also helps to
have all your notes in one place rather
than scribble them on the post-its you
can easily lose number 12 leave earlier
than you're used to if you regularly
find yourself running late try this
trail go out of the house about 10
minutes earlier than you usually plan to
even if anything unexpected happens on
your way you'll have a little extra time
left to arrive right on schedule and if
all goes as planned you'll even be a
little early number 13 make your least
favorite task a habit we all have little
things that sometimes are especially
hard to do like mopping floors are
sifting through the unread messages from
a pushy co-worker to beat
procrastination and finally get it done
turn it into a ritual listen to a
podcast you like while cleaning up even
better if you do it at the same time
regularly for instance answer your
colleagues while sipping on a cup of
your morning joe
[Music]
number fourteen make way for something
new sometimes you need to make some
changes to get control of your life you
don't actually enjoy swimming but you
keep doing it because of a gym
membership quit and try another sport
the same goes for old clothes you never
wear or even old friends who went their
separate ways you can use free space and
time for new things and emotions number
fifteen keep your passwords safe I'm
sure you already know that it's much
less dangerous to have different
passwords for different websites but in
case you ever forget or mix them up it's
useful to have a file listing every
single one of them or you can use a
special app on your phone for it sixteen
get a good night's sleep seven to eight
hours of peaceful slumber every night is
a must if you want to be a top dog it
helps your body regain its strengths and
your brain to process all the
experiences you had during the day to
feel even more energized in the morning
try hitting the sack and getting up at
the same time day after day number 17
fix up broken things it's not easy to
accomplish something when you're
surrounded by blown light bulbs and
paint peeling off the walls details like
these matter no less than the actual
work you're doing patch up all broken
furniture and replace faulty gadgets
with new ones to have at least one less
thing to worry about
number 18 get a daily to-do list running
errands can be tough if you try to keep
all of your daily missions in mind make
a habit of starting your morning with a
clear list of tasks and chores that need
to be done by the end of the day and
don't forget to cross them off once
you've finished because spoiler alert
that's the best part
19 have some time for yourself
burning the candle at both ends may not
be the best thing you can do for your
career and life in the hole just stay on
top of your game it's equally important
to let yourself rest every once in a
while and when vacation isn't an option
find something you really enjoy apart
from working of course and devote some
time dear hobby everyday number 20 clean
up a bit before bed leaving the cleaning
for the weekend may seem like a good
idea at first but don't fall for it it's
actually easier to tidy up a little
every night so you don't clutter up your
house too much just mop up the surfaces
or do the laundry and voila you'll be
able to meet with friends or go see a
movie on your day off
instead of scrubbing down your apartment
[Music]
21 go grocery shopping once a week
there's no reason to waste too much time
running to the store everyday just think
through how much food you'll eat in a
week what ingredients you need and how
much money you'd like to spend on your
meals then pick one day that works best
for you and keep at it
22 take a photo of your friend with the
thing you limp them now let's be honest
things get hectic and you can't always
remember who borrowed your book or your
new board game if you don't want to say
goodbye to your stuff just yet take a
picture of the person who took something
of yours while holding it one less thing
to bicker about with your buddies 23
keep track of expiration dates expired
medication foods and cosmetics don't
just take up space on your shelves and
in your fridge they're also harmful to
your health it's better to check the
period each product should be used by
the second you buy it otherwise you risk
accidentally drinking spoiled milk or
using an expired cream so what about you
do you have a special trick that keeps
you going
share it down in the comments
hey if you learn something new today
think in this video like and share with
a friend but hey don't go expire on me
just yet we have over 2000 cool videos
for you to check out just click on this
left or right video and enjoy and
remember stay on the bright side of life
[Music]